cloud: update doc for left navigation (#11568)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/export-data-from-tidb-cloud.md

4. Export your data using Dumpling from TiDB. 

>     You can get the following connection parameters `${tidb_endpoint}`, `${port}`, and `${user}` from the **Connection** section on the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can get the following connection parameters `${tidb_endpoint}`, `${port}`, and `${user}` from the **Connection** section on the **Cluster Overview** page.
```
<img width="995" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60599231/207012333-9bf2ea98-76b1-4966-813b-1ab752409160.png">
